Add replyTo field to PFI Callbacks (#1320)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: site/docs/tbdex/pfi/anatomy-of-a-pfi.mdx

Using the sample code above as reference, the submission of `RFQ`, `Order`, or `Close` data will result in the triggering of the Exchange API Provider’s `write()`, while the required methods such as `getOrder()` will serve as read methods. 

As a PFI developer, you’ll be responsible for designing your own data storage and provider to access your data. After writing an `RFQ` to the database, you can [create a Quote](/docs/tbdex/pfi/creating-quotes). 
Similarly, after writing an `Order` to your database, you’ll want to ensure you properly [process that Order](/docs/tbdex/pfi/processing-orders).

<LanguageSwitchBlock>
  <div language="JavaScript">

>     When you recieve an RFQ and an exchange between your PFI and a Wallet is initiated, there is an optional `replyTo` parameter that allows for Wallets to subscribe to callbacks for exchange data. If you receive a `replyTo` parameter, which is a fully qualified URI (URL or DID), then as the PFI you are responsible for sending any and all new messages back to the endpoint provided. The URI should be scoped only to that exchange, allowing the caller to to specify a different URI per exchange if they wish. If the `replyTo` parameter is not present, the caller will have to poll your endpoints to get new exchange messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending an RFQ message, the Wallet may also provide [an optional `replyTo` property](/docs/tbdex/wallet/send-rfq#send-rfq-to-pfi) that allows for Wallets to subscribe to callbacks for subsequent messages. If you receive a `replyTo` property, which is a fully qualified URI (URL or DID), then as the PFI you are responsible for sending all new messages back to the endpoint provided. The URI should be scoped only to that exchange, allowing the caller to to specify a different URI per exchange if they wish. If the `replyTo` property is not present, the caller will poll the exchange to get new messages.
```

Using the sample code above as reference, the submission of `RFQ`, `Order`, or `Close` data will result in the triggering of the Exchange API Provider’s `write()`, while the required methods such as `getOrder()` will serve as read methods. 

As a PFI developer, you’ll be responsible for designing your own data storage and provider to access your data. 

> For example, after writing an `RFQ` to the database, you can [create a Quote](/docs/tbdex/pfi/creating-quotes). 

Reviewer: @chris-tbd, I removed the language block since this is applicable in Kotlin as well (bug fix coming soon). Also added  **Callbacks** and **Writing Messages** headers for readability.

Author: Sounds good!
